add kubectl.kubernetes.io/default-logs-container deprecated information (#39899)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

The value of the annotation is the container name that is default for this Pod. For example, `kubectl logs` or `kubectl exec` without `-c` or `--container` flag will use this default container.

### kubectl.kubernetes.io/default-logs-container (deprecated)

Example: `kubectl.kubernetes.io/default-logs-container: "front-end-app"`

The value of the annotation is the container name that is the default logging container for this Pod. For example, `kubectl logs` without `-c` or `--container` flag will use this default container.

{{< note >}}

> Starting from Kubernetes 1.21, this annotation is deprecated and please use `kubectl.kubernetes.io/default-container` annotation instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is deprecated. You should use the
[`kubectl.kubernetes.io/default-container`](#kubectl-kubernetes-io-default-container)
annotation instead.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks for your review.

> Kubernetes 1.25 and newer will ignore this annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes versions 1.25 and newer ignore this annotation.
```
